README.md, before:

# Awesome Government Sites

> An awesome list of government websites.

Inspired by the [awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) list thing.

## USA

### Federal

- [benefits.gov](http://www.benefits.gov) - Guide to government benefits.
- [disability.gov](https://www.disability.gov) - Information about disability-related programs, services, policies, laws and regulations.
- [house.gov](http://www.house.gov) - US House of Representatives.
- [paymentaccuracy.gov](https://paymentaccuracy.gov) - Aims to ensure payment errors are reduced.
- [performance.gov](https://www.performance.gov) - Information about efforts to deliver a more effective, smarter, and leaner government.
- [recovery.gov](http://www.recovery.gov) - Information about the Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board's activities.
- [regulations.gov](http://www.regulations.gov) - Find regulations ([report issues](https://github.com/regulationsgov/developers/issues))
- [usa.gov](https://www.usa.gov) - Online guide to government information and services.
  - [business.usa.gov](http://business.usa.gov) - Business tools & resources.
- [volunteer.gov](https://www.volunteer.gov) - National volunteer portal.
- [whitehouse.gov](whitehouse.gov) - The White House ([GH org](https://github.com/whitehouse)).

#### Bureau of Labor Statistics

- [bls.gov](http://www.bls.gov) - US Bureau of Labor Statistics site.

#### Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services

- [cms.gov](https://www.cms.gov) - Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services website.
  - [assets.cms.gov](http://assets.cms.gov) - Assets Framework, 508 compliant responsive framework for front-end development.
- [healthcare.gov](https://www.healthcare.gov) - Healthcare insurance marketplace.

#### Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB)

- [consumerfinance.gov](http://www.consumerfinance.gov) - Consumer Financial Protection Bureau site ([report issues](https://github.com/cfpb/cfgov-refresh/issues)).

#### Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS)

- [serve.gov](http://www.serve.gov) - Online home of United We Serve, nationwide service initiative.

#### Department of Health & Human Services (HHS)

- [AIDS.gov](https://www.aids.gov) - HIV/AIDS information and resources.
- [NIH.gov](http://www.nih.gov) - National Institutes of Health (NIH).
- [genome.gov](https://www.genome.gov) - National Human Genome Research Institute (NHGRI).
- [stopbullying.gov](http://www.stopbullying.gov) - Stop bullying information and resources.
- [vaccines.gov](http://www.vaccines.gov) - Vaccination information and resources.

#### Department of the Treasury

- [ttb.gov](http://www.ttb.gov) - Alcohol and tobacco tax and trade bureau.
- [treasury.gov](https://www.treasury.gov) - US Department of the Treasury.
- [mymoney.gov](http://www.mymoney.gov) - Improve the financial well-being of postsecondary students.
- [usaspending.gov](https://www.usaspending.gov) - Track federal spending ([report issues](https://github.com/fedspendingtransparency/USASpending-Issue-Tracker/issues)).

#### Department of Veteran Affairs (VA) ([GH org](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs))

- [va.gov](http://www.va.gov) - US Department of Veteran Affairs site.
- [vets.gov](https://www.vets.gov) - Veteran information and resources ([report issues](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-website/issues)).

#### Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)

- [energystar.gov](https://www.energystar.gov) - Program that helps businesses and individuals utilize superior energy efficient products and practices.

#### Federal Trade Commission (FTC)

- [consumer.ftc.gov](https://www.consumer.ftc.gov) - FTC consumer information.
- [ftc.gov](https://www.ftc.gov) - Federal Trade Commission site.
- [identitytheft.gov](https://www.identitytheft.gov) - Identity theft victim information and resources.

#### General Services Administration (GSA)

- [apps.gov](https://www.apps.gov) - Government apps marketplace ([report issues](https://github.com/presidential-innovation-fellows/apps-gov/issues)).
- [data.gov](http://www.data.gov) - Open data portal ([report issues](https://github.com/GSA/data.gov/issues)).
- [digitalgov.gov](http://www.digitalgov.gov) - Help government in providing digital services and information for the public.
  - [search.digitalgov.gov](http://search.digitalgov.gov) - DigitalGov search portal ([report issues](https://github.com/GSA/search.digitalgov.gov/issues))

#### Library of Congress ([GH org](https://github.com/LibraryOfCongress))

- [congress.gov](https://www.congress.gov) - legislative activities, members of congress, etc.
- [loc.gov](https://www.loc.gov) - Library of Congress site.
  - [id.loc.gov](http://id.loc.gov) - LoC Linked Data service.

#### National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) ([GH org](https://github.com/nasa))

- [globe.gov](http://www.globe.gov) - Global Learning and Observations to Benefit the Environment (GLOBE).
- [nasa.gov](https://www.nasa.gov) - National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) site.
  - [astrobiology.nasa.gov](https://astrobiology.nasa.gov) - Information on the search for extraterrestrial life.
  - [climate.nasa.gov](http://climate.nasa.gov) - Climate Change and Global Warming information.
  - [code.nasa.gov](http://code.nasa.gov) - Open source code browser ([report issues](https://github.com/nasa/code.nasa.gov)).
  - [earthobservatory.nasa.gov](http://earthobservatory.nasa.gov) - Research materials and resources about Earth.
  - [eyes.nasa.gov](https://eyes.nasa.gov) - Visualizations of the solar system through apps.
  - [jpl.nasa.gov](http://www.jpl.nasa.gov) - Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) site.
  - [mars.nasa.gov](http://mars.nasa.gov) - Mars missions information and resources.
  - [pmm.nasa.gov](http://pmm.nasa.gov) - Precipitation measurement missions site.
  - [sti.nasa.gov](http://www.sti.nasa.gov) - Scientific and Technical Information (STI) Program for sharing research.
  - [terra.nasa.gov](http://terra.nasa.gov) - Terra satellite information.

#### National Archives (NARA) ([GH org](https://github.com/usnationalarchives))
  - [archives.gov](http://www.archives.gov) - National Archives site.
  - [ourdocuments.gov](http://www.ourdocuments.gov) - Historical documents of the US Government.

#### National Science Foundation

- [nsf.gov](http://www.nsf.gov) - National Science Foundation site.

#### Office of Personnel Management (OPM)

- [opm.gov](https://www.opm.gov) - US Office of Personnel Management site.
- [usajobs.gov](https://www.usajobs.gov) - One-stop source for federal jobs and employment information.

#### Office of the Federal Register (OFR)

- [ofr.gov](http://www.ofr.gov) - Office of the Federal Register site.
- [federalregister.gov](https://www.federalregister.gov) - Daily Journal of the US Government ([report issues](https://github.com/usnationalarchives/fr2/issues)).

#### Government Publishing Office

- [gpo.gov](https://www.gpo.gov) - Government Publishing Office site.

#### Small Business Administration (SBA)

- [sba.gov](https://www.sba.gov) - Small Business Administration site.
  - [api.sba.gov](http://api.sba.gov) - Various government data APIs.
  - [disasterloan.sba.gov](https://disasterloan.sba.gov) - Disaster loan assistance.
  - [es.sba.gov](https://es.sba.gov) - Spanish-language SBA site.
- [sbir.gov](https://www.sbir.gov) - Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) program.

### State

- [mo.gov](https://www.mo.gov) - Missouri.
- [nc.gov](https://www.nc.gov) - North Carolina.
  - [ncdcr.gov](http://www.ncdcr.gov) - NC Department of Natural Resources.
- [maryland.gov](http://www.maryland.gov) - Maryland
  - [marylandhealthconnection.gov](https://www.marylandhealthconnection.gov) - Maryland's health insurance marketplace.

### County

- [smcgov.org](https://smcgov.org) - San Mateo County, CA.

### Municipal

- [cambridgema.gov](https://www.cambridgema.gov/) - Cambridge, MA.

Commit message:

Added dems.gov and gop.gov

README.md, after:

# Awesome Government Sites

> An awesome list of government websites.

Inspired by the [awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) list thing.

## USA

### Federal

- [benefits.gov](http://www.benefits.gov) - Guide to government benefits.
- [dems.gov](http://www.dems.gov) - Democratic Caucus of the US House of Representatives.
- [disability.gov](https://www.disability.gov) - Information about disability-related programs, services, policies, laws and regulations.
- [gop.gov](http://www.gop.gov) - Membership body of all Republican members of the US House of Representatives.
- [house.gov](http://www.house.gov) - US House of Representatives.
- [paymentaccuracy.gov](https://paymentaccuracy.gov) - Aims to ensure payment errors are reduced.
- [performance.gov](https://www.performance.gov) - Information about efforts to deliver a more effective, smarter, and leaner government.
- [recovery.gov](http://www.recovery.gov) - Information about the Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board's activities.
- [regulations.gov](http://www.regulations.gov) - Find regulations ([report issues](https://github.com/regulationsgov/developers/issues))
- [usa.gov](https://www.usa.gov) - Online guide to government information and services.
  - [business.usa.gov](http://business.usa.gov) - Business tools & resources.
- [volunteer.gov](https://www.volunteer.gov) - National volunteer portal.
- [whitehouse.gov](whitehouse.gov) - The White House ([GH org](https://github.com/whitehouse)).

#### Bureau of Labor Statistics

- [bls.gov](http://www.bls.gov) - US Bureau of Labor Statistics site.

#### Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services

- [cms.gov](https://www.cms.gov) - Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services website.
  - [assets.cms.gov](http://assets.cms.gov) - Assets Framework, 508 compliant responsive framework for front-end development.
- [healthcare.gov](https://www.healthcare.gov) - Healthcare insurance marketplace.

#### Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB)

- [consumerfinance.gov](http://www.consumerfinance.gov) - Consumer Financial Protection Bureau site ([report issues](https://github.com/cfpb/cfgov-refresh/issues)).

#### Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS)

- [serve.gov](http://www.serve.gov) - Online home of United We Serve, nationwide service initiative.

#### Department of Health & Human Services (HHS)

- [AIDS.gov](https://www.aids.gov) - HIV/AIDS information and resources.
- [NIH.gov](http://www.nih.gov) - National Institutes of Health (NIH).
- [genome.gov](https://www.genome.gov) - National Human Genome Research Institute (NHGRI).
- [stopbullying.gov](http://www.stopbullying.gov) - Stop bullying information and resources.
- [vaccines.gov](http://www.vaccines.gov) - Vaccination information and resources.

#### Department of the Treasury

- [ttb.gov](http://www.ttb.gov) - Alcohol and tobacco tax and trade bureau.
- [treasury.gov](https://www.treasury.gov) - US Department of the Treasury.
- [mymoney.gov](http://www.mymoney.gov) - Improve the financial well-being of postsecondary students.
- [usaspending.gov](https://www.usaspending.gov) - Track federal spending ([report issues](https://github.com/fedspendingtransparency/USASpending-Issue-Tracker/issues)).

#### Department of Veteran Affairs (VA) ([GH org](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs))

- [va.gov](http://www.va.gov) - US Department of Veteran Affairs site.
- [vets.gov](https://www.vets.gov) - Veteran information and resources ([report issues](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-website/issues)).

#### Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)

- [energystar.gov](https://www.energystar.gov) - Program that helps businesses and individuals utilize superior energy efficient products and practices.

#### Federal Trade Commission (FTC)

- [consumer.ftc.gov](https://www.consumer.ftc.gov) - FTC consumer information.
- [ftc.gov](https://www.ftc.gov) - Federal Trade Commission site.
- [identitytheft.gov](https://www.identitytheft.gov) - Identity theft victim information and resources.

#### General Services Administration (GSA)

- [apps.gov](https://www.apps.gov) - Government apps marketplace ([report issues](https://github.com/presidential-innovation-fellows/apps-gov/issues)).
- [data.gov](http://www.data.gov) - Open data portal ([report issues](https://github.com/GSA/data.gov/issues)).
- [digitalgov.gov](http://www.digitalgov.gov) - Help government in providing digital services and information for the public.
  - [search.digitalgov.gov](http://search.digitalgov.gov) - DigitalGov search portal ([report issues](https://github.com/GSA/search.digitalgov.gov/issues))

#### Library of Congress ([GH org](https://github.com/LibraryOfCongress))

- [congress.gov](https://www.congress.gov) - legislative activities, members of congress, etc.
- [loc.gov](https://www.loc.gov) - Library of Congress site.
  - [id.loc.gov](http://id.loc.gov) - LoC Linked Data service.

#### National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) ([GH org](https://github.com/nasa))

- [globe.gov](http://www.globe.gov) - Global Learning and Observations to Benefit the Environment (GLOBE).
- [nasa.gov](https://www.nasa.gov) - National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) site.
  - [astrobiology.nasa.gov](https://astrobiology.nasa.gov) - Information on the search for extraterrestrial life.
  - [climate.nasa.gov](http://climate.nasa.gov) - Climate Change and Global Warming information.
  - [code.nasa.gov](http://code.nasa.gov) - Open source code browser ([report issues](https://github.com/nasa/code.nasa.gov)).
  - [earthobservatory.nasa.gov](http://earthobservatory.nasa.gov) - Research materials and resources about Earth.
  - [eyes.nasa.gov](https://eyes.nasa.gov) - Visualizations of the solar system through apps.
  - [jpl.nasa.gov](http://www.jpl.nasa.gov) - Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) site.
  - [mars.nasa.gov](http://mars.nasa.gov) - Mars missions information and resources.
  - [pmm.nasa.gov](http://pmm.nasa.gov) - Precipitation measurement missions site.
  - [sti.nasa.gov](http://www.sti.nasa.gov) - Scientific and Technical Information (STI) Program for sharing research.
  - [terra.nasa.gov](http://terra.nasa.gov) - Terra satellite information.

#### National Archives (NARA) ([GH org](https://github.com/usnationalarchives))
  - [archives.gov](http://www.archives.gov) - National Archives site.
  - [ourdocuments.gov](http://www.ourdocuments.gov) - Historical documents of the US Government.

#### National Science Foundation

- [nsf.gov](http://www.nsf.gov) - National Science Foundation site.

#### Office of Personnel Management (OPM)

- [opm.gov](https://www.opm.gov) - US Office of Personnel Management site.
- [usajobs.gov](https://www.usajobs.gov) - One-stop source for federal jobs and employment information.

#### Office of the Federal Register (OFR)

- [ofr.gov](http://www.ofr.gov) - Office of the Federal Register site.
- [federalregister.gov](https://www.federalregister.gov) - Daily Journal of the US Government ([report issues](https://github.com/usnationalarchives/fr2/issues)).

#### Government Publishing Office

- [gpo.gov](https://www.gpo.gov) - Government Publishing Office site.

#### Small Business Administration (SBA)

- [sba.gov](https://www.sba.gov) - Small Business Administration site.
  - [api.sba.gov](http://api.sba.gov) - Various government data APIs.
  - [disasterloan.sba.gov](https://disasterloan.sba.gov) - Disaster loan assistance.
  - [es.sba.gov](https://es.sba.gov) - Spanish-language SBA site.
- [sbir.gov](https://www.sbir.gov) - Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) program.

### State

- [mo.gov](https://www.mo.gov) - Missouri.
- [nc.gov](https://www.nc.gov) - North Carolina.
  - [ncdcr.gov](http://www.ncdcr.gov) - NC Department of Natural Resources.
- [maryland.gov](http://www.maryland.gov) - Maryland
  - [marylandhealthconnection.gov](https://www.marylandhealthconnection.gov) - Maryland's health insurance marketplace.

### County

- [smcgov.org](https://smcgov.org) - San Mateo County, CA.

### Municipal

- [cambridgema.gov](https://www.cambridgema.gov/) - Cambridge, MA.
